the
for European unification it is not the classic optical at all
Who's wondering what creates this huge damage
Pikes achieved exceptional cases over 30 kilograms of weight over a mild
40 length
these are facts from legends emerge
At least that would not be the case for campers today
Ireland
15 kilos of weight are kicking the round
a nice trophy
where are the chances of such fish really good?
Excellent pike waters are available to us for southern Europe over the old ones
and the Baltic Sea to Scandinavia
below are see and rivers of different sizes as well as
coastal areas
Bern 13 In particular, his original landscapes are the
cozy cottages
and the many outstanding pike waters
that's why you can shoot so here instead of the techniques presented
catch very well in all waters
bad mood everywhere where photo fish are
that could look right on the shore between aquatic plants or
be in open water
the crying is easily answered
apart from supervision different seasons the zig rights to each
Season entwines
especially in spring after spawning Hani today
What is the all-important question? There are a lot of
Techniques with those at which his pike outwits can also capitalize
the choice of the appropriate tactics for example of the water type the situation
for a place in the season
also play personal preferences for one or the other on the method
a role
because the situation assesses correctly and chooses to approach it with care
sure to catch his half
This movie informs and so viewers about the different techniques involved
the goal closer and bigger drowned facts